Thinking of the new store, the company's general manager Chen came here.
Certainly, I heard that Wang Guanglian supported his daughter to become the ruler of the Egret International.
It's special to give gifts, right?
Yes, the new store company is in charge, but they are all air missiles.
WeChat media two months
It can be called state heavy industry.
Each cooperation order is worth 100 billion
The gift he gave me was of great value.
Meet the King of Quang Lang
Chen Hai, you came to give the gift in person.
Good food.
King Quang Lang, what does this mean?
You didn't come to give gifts.
Lord Guang, you have misunderstood.
I'm here to sign an important agreement with Egret International.
In that case.
Sister, you just took office.
General Director Chen sent a copy of the agreement.
Or not, thank General Director Chen.
Thank you, Mr. Chen, wait a minute.
Director Chen, what doctor is this?
Yeah, introduce yourself.
My name is Chi Phi Uyen.
Currently, the head of Egret International
What?
How is that possible?
Really.
So if you sign a contract with Egret country in the new year
Of course I signed it.
Wait, General Director Chen.
I didn't mean anything else.
It's just that I trained only to receive the original octopus army.
The army was not the ruler of the White Deer.
So I can only cancel my partnership with White Deer International.